hi guys okay with you 20 more
first impressions and I'm here to
test with you this boat mask
Is to teach the team I will not try to talk
Portuguese and English the thesis more in this
pack of 60 grams
I paid a thousand yen in the same store
snack I told nagoya is there in the park
in nagoya
I came to the logic and asked that the
I would recommend any
mask that was good sort of
skin that is mixed né note in zone t
here is sensitive and I have here
petty right here has a purpose there
things and she recommended this to me.
Magic team for it contains garlic has
green has honey has egg and has green tea
garlic is the main star of this
mask because you were afraid because
God, it's where it must be asked.
so it does not smell soft, it tastes like it is but it is
let's test with you then look
I do not found it rather
but it does not arrive like this.
It's so strange, you know, we keep
even with the spatula here for you to see
consistency is a very soft brand
come on and do not even remember the area
knows the people
she is very soft is not a good mask
so aggressive
I'll pass so she's pretty refreshing.
the agent in small pieces is that
has a little piece of it today but the sale
of the typical fruit my skin of mine
pimples for my mixed skin my pores
type as well as tele as trend will have
time knows people or skins with a problem
scientist or the syndicate's killing orders
very apparent clove so if you
has this type of skin this magic is good
This does not help to reduce the
yes and qatar where you have
pimples in calm makes the spine up
it's people that's while when you
begins to pass when you start to
spend a little bit of daily scent
People know but it's nothing like that, my God.
that you can not bear the sea if you
It has a very sensitive nose full
diary besides mint is also on the
people then mint something to me
cool I know I know I have to stop
There are people we talk to, there are people.
so sorry people but you have to
record a video and not talk much then
do not talk much people or talk
the little girl takes a step girls have
girls who watch a lot of girls puddle
Why do you have girls who then join us?
thinks it 's the most but defeating looks
people then it dries fast that
it's not a mask you can stay
Long time talking, I'm
talking and going and she has
small pieces are seeing garlic garlic
but it does not have an unpleasant smell
so I've read reviews so soon
the person could not even stand
I did not arrive unbearable so it goes
see that this time the girl from me a little
But, look, people are not only a
little bit of something I think
which should be the area through rapid drought and
The saleswoman said as soon as she left.
five minutes - and rinse with water
it is warm and can be used
less than three times a day per day or
per week three times a week or
according to the script of her time but she
dry out people go and look at them
little bits of oil do not smell
that tea of ​​water that I do not feel
I'm there but it's not
If you get too close you feel more
it is not something that is left unknowingly
So that's it, folks, I'll wait longer.
A little bit now and I'll be right back
smart I came back to called me and face
with lukewarm water and felt like the skin
also soft and I'm not
feeling that she had a good skin
hydrated and if it pulls
same greasiness is the belt because pulling
very little here in the region pe
I miss hydration already the ie more
so it was not that who
knows but as soon as the future only so
to leave just a little
more hydrated but is like her but stays
so more than take off the oil
even then I think it's normal but it's
that's cool, I like it
I love and feel that my skin is even more
because whiter in I know if it is Poster
my
The smell did not bother me until
not very strong smell of garlic is up
I thought menthol looked as if it
had mint thing so cool you know
a must be green key
I cried because it's not because there's not much
green tea time in the composition and I like
of people I think I will continue to use
because I feel that just like this
mixture that here is also taboo who -
but here in the region of the
eye and I feel it is pulling a little bit
but here it is normal but it is because here
I've been 35 and 36 so I guess I was
I feel more lack of hydrate then
but then I'll cream after a
Notion but I liked it I found this mask
snack and is the most feared was
You have to have a very smell
strong water and had no problem
I really liked it and it's going to last.
a lot because I used it on the whole face
it was here that we will then O
last long so we this was
one of the first intentions of this
boat mask
I liked it a lot and for you, what 's up?
looking for something to the skin with
Henrique gang is also this skin
sensitive and that is to treat your skin
I think this is a very good mask
So, these people, thank you for you.
who assisted a lot of everyone's footprint
here you comment on instagram here in
youtube
Thank you even for the strength and the affection.
we kiss and until the next
video